#######################################################################
                              READ ME!
#######################################################################

Intro
-----
Welcome to Nick Casta√±eda's Javascript reproduction of "Where in the
World is Carmen Sandiego?".  This game was created with HTML, CSS, and
Javascript.  Additionally it uses the JQuery library, the GoogleMaps
API, and the Bing Translate API. The Github page is
www.github.com/nick-castaneda/carmen-sandiego and the trello board is
https://trello.com/b/vLGUOzJc/where-in-los-angeles-is-carmen-sandiego

Gameplay
--------
To beat this version of Carmen Sandiego, you must analyze clues to
discover the identity of a National Crime Syndicate criminal and track
her/him down around the world. As you travel and investigate, a timer in
the top right corner ticks down.  You only have 100 game hours to get a
warrant and arrest the purp. The game contains a simulated smartphone
in the bottom left-hand corner of the screen that allows you to travel
around the world, investigate for clues, search criminal databases, and
petition for warrants. If you open the phone app and call the help desk,
the game will give a more detailed explaination about what each phone
app does.

Code
----
The general structure of the page stays static throughout gameplay.  The
smartphone is composed of about 20 overlaping screen divs that are set
to 'display: none' when not in use.  The stats box, the pic-screen, and
the text box for the most part only use one div, but the script changes
each's inner html throughout the game.  For more in-depth analysis of my
code, check out the comments in the script, style and index files. I am
still in the process of drying up my code; there are still a lot of
repeats that need to be taken out.

Legal
-----
This game was created as a project for General Assembly's Web
Development Immersive course. It was built with the sole purposes of
practicing programing and of showcasing my coding abilities.  This
project is non-commercial, but if you are an owner of one of the images
used in this project and want me to take it down, send me an email at
npcastaneda@gmail.com and we can discuss.

Outro
-----
To see more of my projects, visit www.github.com/nick-castaneda or send
me an email at npcastaneda@gmail.com.

Thank you for reading me.
